# STA141A-Final-Project

## Overview
In this project report, I looked at the a dataset from Steinmetz et al. (2019.). This dataset looked at the neural activity of mice based on contrasting visual stimuli through numerous trials and sessions. The mices' decisions would be recorded with either a -1 (Unsuccessful), or a 1 (Successful). This report dives into the data of four mice in particular (Cori, Forssmann, Hench, and Lederberg) through 18 sessions. The main goal of the analysis is to aim to build a predicitve model to accurately predict decision making or the mices' behavior based on observed neural activity and patterns. First, an exploratory data analysis was done to gain insights into the into the dataset. I looked at patterns within the dataset through descriptive statistical graphs. Then, I looked at data integration where I studied shared and contrasting patterns through the sessions for the mice. Finally, to maximize performance and accuracy, I chose a prediction model based on the previous analysis, confusion matrices, and model accuracy. Some key findings from this study show that the neural activity (spike rates, mean average firing rate, overall neuron activity) in the visual cortices of mice hold valuable information when trying to predict their decision making. Along with that, the stronger neural activity in a mice's brain correlated to higher contrast differences in stimuli and in turn better decisions. 

## References
I used the data from the Steinmetz et al. (2019.) study. Along with that  used ChatGPT and Claude.ai for code help, error fixes, and organization. 
